Advanced cluster config (#10)
nitindermohan/oak-new-docs: content/docs/manuals/advanced-cluster-setup.md

of the system lies in it's federated architecture.

This guide will walk you through deploying stand-alone components, allowing you to
deploy multiple cluster orchestrators across multiple devices. These clusters will be managed by a single root orchestrator.

{{< callout context="caution" title="Requirements" icon="outline/alert-triangle">}}
Root and Cluster orchestrators:
- Docker + Docker Compose v2
- 5GB of Disk
- 500MB of RAM
- ARM64 or AMD64 architecture

Worker Nodes:
- Linux-based distro with `iptables` compatibility 
- 50MB of space
- 100MB RAM
- ARM64 or AMD64 architecture
{{< /callout >}}

### Stand-alone Root Orchestrator

First, let's deploy a stand-alone root orchestrator. This component will manage your clusters and provide an interface for users to interact with the Oakestra setup 
by providing an [API](../../getting-started/deploy-app/with-the-api/) and a [dashboard](../../getting-started/deploy-app/with-the-dashboard/).

```bash
curl -sfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/oakestra/oakestra/develop/scripts/StartOakestraRoot.sh | sh - 
```

> This script will download the required files to a directory called root_orchestrator. From there it will build the root orchestrator.

Reviewer: Depending on the outcome of this: https://github.com/oakestra/oakestra/pull/367#pullrequestreview-2458465480

This might need to be changed.

> ### Stand-alone Cluster Orchestrator

Reviewer: What if at the beginning of each section we add a picture like the one in `docs/getting-started/oak-environment/create-your-first-oakestra-orchestrator/` but where we obscure the components that we're not setting up? For example:
<img width="585" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c89ba618-3f66-41e1-bf4b-7fff0f1dfe68">

The base drawio for this picture is available in `getting-started-oak-environment/arch.drawio`

Next, we can deploy a stand-alone cluster orchestrator. This component will manage the nodes by delegating applications, creating subnetworks and
facilitating communication. Additionally the cluster orchestrator sends aggregated reports to the root orchestrator.

```bash
curl -sfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/oakestra/oakestra/develop/scripts/StartOakestraCluster.sh | sh - 
```

This script will download the required files to a directory called cluster_orchestrator. From there it will walk you through

> configuring the cluster. One the setup is complete it will build the cluster orchestrator and register with the root orchestrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuring the cluster. Once the setup is complete, it will build the cluster orchestrator and register with the root orchestrator.
```

{{< callout context="danger" title="Note" icon="outline/alert-octagon" >}}
The root orchestrator has to be reachable by the cluster orchestrator. When not on the same network the root orchestrator URL has to be a public
address!
{{< /callout >}}

You can register as many cluster orchestrators with the root orchestrator as you would like. Repeat the above commmand on a new device and specify
a unique `Cluster Name` and `Cluster Location`.

## Custom Deployments

### Choose a Different Branch

{{< callout context="note" title="Note" icon="outline/info-circle" >}}
Oakestra has many features which have not yet been released. You can check out what's in the pipeline by taking a look at some of the active [branches](https://github.com/oakestra/oakestra/branches) here.
{{< /callout >}}

> By default these scripts will build from the `main` oakestra branch. However this can be changed by setting the environment variable `OAKESTRA_BRANCH`.

Reviewer: This script is not building but it uses the pre-built images. The OAK_BRANCH changes the branch from where we take the compose files. 

```suggestion
By default these scripts will compose the services of the `main` oakestra branch, the latest stable release. However this can be changed by setting the environment variable `OAKESTRA_BRANCH` **before running the startup script**.
```

This allows you to experiment with some unreleased features.

```bash
export OAKESTRA_BRANCH=develop
```

> This will allow you to build the newest Oakestra version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will allow you to use the services from the alpha Oakestra release.
```

### Compose Overrides

Since Oakestra uses docker-compose to build the components, we can use overrides to fine-tune our build environment.

> To use the override files, specify the them in a comma-seperated list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the override files, specify the them in a comma-seperated list by setting the `OVERRIDE_FILES` env variable **before running the startup script**.
```

by providing an [API](../../getting-started/deploy-app/with-the-api/) and a [dashboard](../../getting-started/deploy-app/with-the-dashboard/).

```bash
curl -sfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/oakestra/oakestra/develop/scripts/StartOakestraRoot.sh | sh - 
```

This script will download the required files to the directory `~/oakestra/root_orchestrator`. From there it will build the root orchestrator.

### Stand-alone Cluster Orchestrator

{{<svg "architecture/Arch-Cluster">}}

Next, we can deploy a stand-alone cluster orchestrator. This component will manage the nodes by delegating applications, creating subnetworks and
facilitating communication. Additionally the cluster orchestrator sends aggregated reports to the root orchestrator.

```bash
curl -sfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/oakestra/oakestra/develop/scripts/StartOakestraCluster.sh | sh - 
```

This script will download the required files to the directory `~/oakestra/cluster_orchestrator`. From there it will walk you through
configuring the cluster. Once the setup is complete, it will build the cluster orchestrator and register with the root orchestrator.

> {{< callout context="danger" title="Note" icon="outline/alert-octagon" >}}

Reviewer 2: Maybe change the title to "Watch out!" as there is another Note callout underneath with a different color
